Add IPv4 support documentation (#5939)
dfinity/portal: docs/references/https-outcalls-how-it-works.mdx

### Trust model and programming model

The trust model for canister HTTPS outcalls is based on the trust model of the called HTTP server and that of ICP:
* It is assumed that the HTTP service is honest; otherwise, it can provide any response to the calling replicas. This is a standard assumption when interacting with any external API.

> * The trust model of ICP assumes that at least 2/3 of the replicas are honest. This trust in the protocol extends to the IC-managed infrastructure that proxies certain requests (e.g., to IPv4 addresses). This ensures that honest replicas can reach a consensus on the response to be returned to the canister.

Reviewer: We only need to trust the proxies for liveness, I think this is worth mentioning. How about:
```suggestion
* The trust model of ICP assumes that at least 2/3 of the replicas are honest. Moreover, the IC-managed infrastructure that proxies certain requests (e.g., to IPv4 addresses) is assumed to not block traffic. This ensures that honest replicas can reach a consensus on the response to be returned to the canister. Note that the proxy infrastructure cannot tamper with the response, it can only block it.
```
